Update Qualcomm branch readme (#8)
foundriesio/meta-partner-variscite: README.md

# _Simplify the chaos of developing, securing and updating Linux-based IoT and Edge devices_

# _Quick Start Guide_
<p href="https://www.qualcomm.com/">
    <img width="200" src="https://github.com/munoz0raul/meta-partner/blob/qualcomm/images/qualcomm_logo.jpg">
</p>

Unlock the potential of your IoT and Edge device development with the powerful partnership of Qualcomm and Foundries.io! Our comprehensive end-to-end DevSecOps platform is specifically designed for embedded developers like you, ensuring your projects are efficient, secure, and scalable.

> This indispensable Reference Guide offers you a seamless journey from start to finish. With clear, step-by-step instructions, you’ll master everything from creating your Factory to flashing, booting, and testing your cutting-edge AI applications on the Qualcomm Development Kit.

Author: ```suggestion
This guide covers everything from creating your Factory to flashing, booting, and testing your AI applications on the Qualcomm Development Kit.
```

| `<IP>`          | Device IP                                                         |

> ## Getting Started
> Access the link below and follow the instructions to sign up and create your FoundriesFactory. 

Author: ```suggestion
## Getting Started

Access the link below and follow the instructions to sign up and create your Factory. 
```

https://app.foundries.io/factories/+/quamcomm

> ### Create an Account
> Create a new account if you do not have one, or continue with your existing Github or Google account.

Author: ```suggestion
### Create an Account

Create a new account if you do not have one, or continue with your existing Github or Google account.
```

<p align="center">
    <img width="800" src="https://github.com/munoz0raul/meta-partner/blob/qualcomm/images/qualcomm-image1.png">
</p>
<p align="center">Sign-Up</p>

### Create a Factory

1. Select the platform \*

> 2. Name for your new Factory

Author: ```suggestion
2. Name your new Factory
```
